Cynthia We: Can you hear me.
Gwenevere Abriel: Can you hear me.
Cynthia We: That was really loud.
Gwenevere Abriel: Maybe
Gwenevere Abriel: I won't yell at this time.
Cynthia We: I got it.
Gwenevere Abriel: I got her better better
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, good, good, good, good, good. All right.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm in. I'm in Santa Fe.
Gwenevere Abriel: And I flew on Monday.
Now,
Cynthia We: Really
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah.
Cynthia We: During this time, aren't you nervous.
Um,
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: I am I flew with my youngest and we more mass I carried around a big blob of Clorox and he weren't gloves and I wipe the seats down or wipe the handles down and waited. Once I heard that the viral load basically needs to be as much as it's like a sneeze on
Cynthia We: That amount. Oh.
Gwenevere Abriel: I was like,
Gwenevere Abriel: I gotta get out of this House.
Cynthia We: Yeah, I was worried about flying in September, but, um, maybe I don't have to worry
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh yeah, keep an eye on me.
Gwenevere Abriel: A second and we know
Gwenevere Abriel: Bad either one, a very
Gwenevere Abriel: Conservative
Gwenevere Abriel: Figure I figure for me to have reconciled myself.
Gwenevere Abriel: I think I'm in line with the rest of the community, because as I've come out. I'm noticing shops are opening
Cynthia We: I oh yeah yeah
Cynthia We: Open here.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, so it's starting to open up. So with that, let's focus on you a little bit here. So, um, why don't we kind of bring me up to speed house chicken house, Scott. How are you, how's all a lot
Of
Cynthia We: Chicken is
Cynthia We: A he's not doing very well he is. This is hard for him, and we
Gwenevere Abriel: He was going to get a playdate did he get to play.
Cynthia We: Yes, yes, they went bike riding on trails last weekend.
Cynthia We: Good and
Cynthia We: He's going to, we're going to go back over to Sams and
Cynthia We: Sam's house and let them hang out and the lowest going to hang out again. So that's what's to happen. It was supposed to happen today, but then Sam announced service fee up front allowed us to his mouth that he had 13 math assignments do that. We're just assigned
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh,
Cynthia We: Two days before school that out.
Cynthia We: What I like whoa that's awfully suspicious. And that sounds a lot like Keegan
Gwenevere Abriel: 1313 assignments assigned
Cynthia We: Yeah. Yeah, right.
Cynthia We: So she's like, I don't know what to believe anymore. And I'm like, Well, I wouldn't believe that but I also wouldn't worry about it.
Cynthia We: You know he's usually a really good student really good kid. This is the, this is like a different time.
Gwenevere Abriel: We talked about that last time that this is
Gwenevere Abriel: Yes, more flexible.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah. So yeah, that makes sense.
Cynthia We: So, um, he and Scott got into it. The other night, and it was are really scary and dramatic and so
Cynthia We: Scott, this was two nights ago and Scott sat down yesterday and said that he will go find somebody get some help for his
Gwenevere Abriel: Problem really
Cynthia We: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm so glad
Cynthia We: Me too.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: All right. Yeah. Good thing, Cindy. That's a good
Cynthia We: Yeah, it's very good.
Cynthia We: Okay, it's very good.
Cynthia We: It was, it was really
Gwenevere Abriel: Now, how are you. How are you, and Scott taking care of the emotional impact of that argument with Teague and how are you taking care of him. How are you taking care of low on that psychological, emotional level.
Cynthia We: I hug Lola and I stayed with her on that night. Well, every night lows been sleeping in her own room. Finally,
Cynthia We: And I'm so I've been going and link that link down but just sitting at the edge of the bed while she falls asleep.
Cynthia We: But that night I like Hugger and and told her it was okay shouldn't have to be scared.
Cynthia We: Um,
Cynthia We: And we talked about it a little bit yesterday that that my dad kicked a hole in my door. When I was a teenager.
Cynthia We: Is the famous whole it's still there. Everybody's seen it, and everybody knows this is from when Cynthia was a teenager.
Cynthia We: The only time I did really lost control and I'm, you know, I said, sometimes people get really mad, and it doesn't mean that they're going to hurt you. It just means that they are really mad, and it doesn't have to mean that that's ever going to happen again. Scott, he kicked
Cynthia We: Kicked a cooler and it it somehow hit the dishwasher. So a bunch of things broke
Gwenevere Abriel: So it was very scary and loud.
Cynthia We: And it seemed like he's through something
Cynthia We: You know towards Teagan but he didn't he, you know, he was an accident, based on his
Cynthia We: You know he's, he's like, it was done with me to kick the cooler. But I didn't throw any classes.
Cynthia We: I'm
Cynthia We: Anti gun.
Cynthia We: I talked to him that night and
Cynthia We: He was pretty freaked out that that Scott was that mad.
Cynthia We: And
Cynthia We: Then he just went and he laid down so I don't think I really did take care of. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: You can
Cynthia We: Yeah, it's still good.
Gwenevere Abriel: What about you, what about the the the sort of your little girl inside. How is it doing having seen that aggression around you.
Cynthia We: Um,
Cynthia We: I did some meditation I signed up for 10% happier.
Cynthia We: Do it. That's a meditation program. Right. Um, and I feel like I'm okay.
Cynthia We: We had a really good talk yesterday afterwards. So I feel like that helped a lot.
Gwenevere Abriel: Why don't you just cross compare that conversation with once you've had in the past with Scott and let me know how it's different. How you what you noticed about yourself in that conversation versus maybe how you were 678 months ago.
Cynthia We: I feel like I was really able to listen to him because it wasn't my argument so
Cynthia We: I didn't feel like I had to defend my actions or anything. It was between Tina and Scott and so I was really able to like stay present
Cynthia We: During the conversation.
Cynthia We: About it. And, um,
Cynthia We: I don't know that I've been able to lay I really noticed it. I really noticed that I was able to do that. And I was able to like
Cynthia We: I have my whole brain with me.
Gwenevere Abriel: Ah, nice.
Cynthia We: Yeah, very different.
Cynthia We: Very different from me, most of the time.
Gwenevere Abriel: Now you getting what I'm saying that we want all the parts of our brain working, not just
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm scared I'm scared I'm yes yeah
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: This works so much better.
Gwenevere Abriel: When we still have access to not only our emotional motivation. I want my family to be healthy, happy. But I also want to access to logic, reason and memory storage, you know, we want access to all the cool parts of our brain that's neat that you, you got to witness that
Cynthia We: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: You got a little pass because it wasn't about you.
Yeah.
I love
Gwenevere Abriel: My accounts, it counts. It counts because oftentimes I think what you do is you you you either kind of do this dissociation thing from it or you align with one side or the other you just sort of align with one
Cynthia We: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Now you were able to sit back and you could hear both sides, you were able to sit with both points of view.
Cynthia We: Um yeah well and scout, was he was mad at me because
Cynthia We: He asked me that night if he was yelling. Cuz, cuz sequins big thing was that he accused him of yelling or getting angry in its face, and, um,
Cynthia We: I
Cynthia We: He came and asked me.
Cynthia We: And I'm like, well, yeah, you saw an angry and
Cynthia We: I don't know, like he didn't he, that wasn't the response. He was looking for.
Cynthia We: I guess he wanted me to say that he didn't sound angry, so that we would be alive, we would be on the same team. He felt that I was
Cynthia We: A good going against him by saying that I didn't mean that.
Cynthia We: I forget what the question was because we were asked a specific question that I was bringing up reason for you. Remember, no.
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, mostly. Go ahead.
Cynthia We: No, go ahead and
Gwenevere Abriel: So you were actually saying that, you know, originally I was saying. Were you able to see
Cynthia We: Both points info. Yeah.
And
Gwenevere Abriel: And then you brought
Gwenevere Abriel: While he was. Yeah. He actually came to you and
Cynthia We: So I guess like in the moment you're frozen. Oh, sorry if I just
Oh now.
Cynthia We: I can see you now. Um, so, yes. In that moment, like I was, I feel like I was able to see both sides, but I did see that Scott was he was mad and and he was speaking in a tone that wasn't necessarily young, but it was angry and
Cynthia We: I understood what he was saying, you know, because he's come at me like that before. And he sounds mad.
Cynthia We: And so you react appropriately. Oh, no. Oh.
Gwenevere Abriel: What you got dark
Cynthia We: Shadows gonna go bark at the neighbor.
Cynthia We: Kid in the House said he doesn't know that the neighbors guide dog is out here. They have a
Cynthia We: Have a very bad relationship.
Cynthia We: So he told me about that the next day and i i i could see. I could see what he meant.
Cynthia We: And even though he was
Cynthia We: critiquing my, you know, my answer. I still was able to stay present with it which that's
Cynthia We: Cool. How I don't know that I would have answered and definitely like a heated sounding groups.
Cynthia We: But
Gwenevere Abriel: That's right. That means you have an opinion and what you didn't do. So here's maybe what how it might have gone
Gwenevere Abriel: He's mad at me to that.
Gwenevere Abriel: Boy.
Gwenevere Abriel: Boy, and you would have gotten small and
Gwenevere Abriel: Right, huh, small cry.
Gwenevere Abriel: And the, sort of, but that that
Gwenevere Abriel: The victim, a little bit like
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah. What a one down and shame would have been Rolling. Rolling. Rolling. Rolling, rolling
Gwenevere Abriel: And it would have just kept reinforcing
Gwenevere Abriel: I don't have a voice and it'll always be like this. And it's hopeless. I think
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: But now it looks like what you did was good. See, I have empathy for my son, boy, and I've been there.
Gwenevere Abriel: Many looked over at your husband and it just happens to be that you felt yourself.
Gwenevere Abriel: I would, I kind of feel like, Dude, this guy's angry and I don't really want to go towards him. So there's a withdrawal when people are angry. We don't unless you want to fight, but most people kind of want to pull back. So you notice
Gwenevere Abriel: She had empathy for Tegan and then interestingly he came to you and asked you, How am I presenting and you help and you answered. You didn't say something like, well, you already know or you know you didn't do
Gwenevere Abriel: Anyway, you play a game. You said
Gwenevere Abriel: You kind of add to, and he
Gwenevere Abriel: And then you didn't fall apart.
He stood there in
Gwenevere Abriel: There in your truth and then it went. Then you saw in his face. He didn't like that answer.
Gwenevere Abriel: And then you use your brain, right, you're like, oh, he wanted me
Gwenevere Abriel: To be aligned with him.
Gwenevere Abriel: But no, no. Right there. What happened then. So he didn't get what he wanted, you held on to your truth just break it down to the next like 60 seconds. What happened after that.
Cynthia We: That's when he got really mad and said,
Cynthia We: Beloved gallon. This is what yelling sounds like any screen like at the top of his lungs.
Gwenevere Abriel: And why did you do
Cynthia We: I was like,
Cynthia We: I was just in shock. Like I it seems to go to come out of nowhere because he was mad, but it wasn't like that bad.
Cynthia We: Usually there's some preparation. I stayed there and Lola freaked out.
Cynthia We: And she hit under the table.
Cynthia We: Maybe I and and that's when the glass. You know the thing got kicked in the glass broken you ran out. And then I looked back to see if it was okay. And, um,
Cynthia We: And I got loaded to come up and sit on my lap. I felt like I held it together. I'm Scott critique was that I was detached that I was detached and disconnected. And I'm like, I don't feel like that. I feel like I was holding myself together.
Cynthia We: Okay, yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Stay right there so
Cynthia We: I felt very like, and I don't know what I don't understand what's different. Why I guess maybe because it wasn't towards me, necessarily, but I'm very
Cynthia We: Aware and blown away by the difference. Yeah, of how that feels.
Gwenevere Abriel: So you stay grounded.
Gwenevere Abriel: You could see the insanity now.
Gwenevere Abriel: You took care of your children.
Gwenevere Abriel: You did not make it about you. You did not do that you just did. The next thing.
Gwenevere Abriel: That needed you did the urgent things that needed urgent attention. And that's the psychological well being of your children because this is a grown man who's losing
Gwenevere Abriel: He had it's not for you to solve.
Cynthia We: He's not
Gwenevere Abriel: So you took care of the people that needed to be taken care of and you maintained your truth. You didn't back down and didn't change it.
Gwenevere Abriel: You're proud of that. I hope
Cynthia We: I'm super proud. Yeah.
Yeah.
Cynthia We: I'm
Cynthia We: Like super impressed or like just yeah it's very different.
Gwenevere Abriel: Now watch this. Because you changed because you stood here, shoulders back, in a sense, metaphorically hands on the hips. I know what I know what I know.
Gwenevere Abriel: I know what I know.
Gwenevere Abriel: What I know
Gwenevere Abriel: And you stood there, you didn't play victim. You didn't get snow and you didn't rage back. I don't think
Gwenevere Abriel: No. So, watch, watch what happened.
Gwenevere Abriel: You got labeled stay with this nice and slow.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay attached
Gwenevere Abriel: When you yell back he feels you are engaged.
Cynthia We: Oh, yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: When you withdraw. He knows he has affected you and you are engaged when you stay in your truth it is on
Gwenevere Abriel: Pleasant for him. You have to understand that is so foreign for him.
Cynthia We: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: What that looks like to him is you are utterly abandoning him.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, now, but you're the one change in the rules. He didn't ask for all this. He's about to is going to go get some help and he's going to learn all these things. I pray, he gets a decent therapist. There's a lot that suck.
Gwenevere Abriel: So please. Good grief. If they start coming at you with hackneyed things that everybody already knows and you don't get to core family origin things and he's not coming away with any new skills get somebody else.
Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Because that's a very common phenomenon. Right. So it's beautiful that you remember that word because that's how it felt. He felt alone and and and you think that's mad. I'll show you what Matt is I was keeping it together before. So this was a man coming to you for validation
Gwenevere Abriel: Because he was insecure. He was uncertain.
Gwenevere Abriel: And you did everything beautifully. Do you want to know a note, if you wanted to be a therapist in that moment, if you wanted to even bring it up another notch.
Gwenevere Abriel: When he said
Gwenevere Abriel: Am I sounding bad when I'm talking to Tegan
Gwenevere Abriel: You could have said.
Gwenevere Abriel: How are you feeling right now. It's got what's going on right now, man. How's it feel when you're talking with Tikkun
Gwenevere Abriel: Not answering his question but getting to the underlying
Cynthia We: It was mad. You said bad
Gwenevere Abriel: Maybe, maybe.
Gwenevere Abriel: Maybe he would have said.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm frustrated
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, see, because all y'all interpret that because inside of him, he might actually be doing his best. And you know what you guys all said to him, it's not enough.
Gwenevere Abriel: You don't mean to and it isn't. But when we're in it. When we're he may already been trying to regulate
Gwenevere Abriel: And hmm
Cynthia We: And Daddy news. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Already trying and it's still y'all see it as mad.
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, tell you what man really looks like so that when I
Gwenevere Abriel: Just frustrated
Right.
Gwenevere Abriel: If, if we can get. Do I look mad.
Gwenevere Abriel: What, how are you feeling that's like, are you okay. Is there anything I can do to kind of support you through this what's going on for you.
Gwenevere Abriel: How are, how are it. How's it feeling to be you.
Gwenevere Abriel: Now watch. I'm not detached I care. I'm asking. I'm not giving him as the worst answer which is yeah you're mad, which is not what he wanted to hear.
Gwenevere Abriel: He was
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, you're, you're super dad right now you're holding it together so nicely done.
Gwenevere Abriel: We didn't get that.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah. Now, there's really cool things that happened. He trusts you. He came to you.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, but look by just changing
Gwenevere Abriel: You staying in your truth.
Gwenevere Abriel: He can feel it and he's he's, he's the normal thing he now has nothing to fight he has nothing to punch. And so he kicked an object. It had nowhere to go.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right, because you weren't presenting with this or he couldn't continue to yell at you. So you change the dynamic profoundly by just that thing you did by standing in your truth.
Gwenevere Abriel: Pretty cool huh
Cynthia We: It's very cool.
Cynthia We: Read about that happening, but I don't believe that I've ever
Cynthia We: Ever experienced it.
Cynthia We: You know, we're one person changes the
Cynthia We: Dynamic changes. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: System that that's every system now. Now when I say that they're also can be an amplification of forcing it to go back to the norm. So there's an escalation. Oh, right. You're going to go back to
Gwenevere Abriel: You. I'll show you. Scary so that you
Gwenevere Abriel: Get back into victim.
Gwenevere Abriel: But it while you held on to yourself you fought that and you you you could, you can go into problem solver. You can go into coach. You don't have to go into persecutor you know that drama triangle. You don't have to be persecuted victim anymore.
Gwenevere Abriel: And you don't have to be the hero, you can just be coach you can be problem solver. You can be advocate, you can care. You can care about your husband is in distress.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's very
Gwenevere Abriel: you threaten to me. You're threatening to, oh my gosh, right, you can feel like I hate it when I'm so unraveled and having it all. I hated myself.
Gwenevere Abriel: Are you okay, is there anything I can do to kind of help you through this, you know, care.
Gwenevere Abriel: Opposite.
Gwenevere Abriel: Of fear.
Cynthia We: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: You kicked ass girl.
Tao.
Cynthia We: Why am I getting an echo in my ear.
Cynthia We: Know he's gotten me me me
Gwenevere Abriel: Me so I'm thrilled that he's he's he's seen in himself. Something where he wants to address it. That's great.
Cynthia We: Yeah, you know, he comes from his mom I once
Cynthia We: Thought it was very strange. She yelled at me about something and then like
Cynthia We: Five minutes later went back to normal.
Cynthia We: And it was so foreign to me that I i said to Scott like i and then I watched like her God fight and then go back to normal, it's like how they grew up was very normal to to
Cynthia We: Really be added express yourself and then purchase to love everybody. And that's, like, not how was in my house like you got mad at me to talk for hours.
Cynthia We: But it's just interesting to see the different
Cynthia We: Dynamics. Yeah.
Cynthia We: So, so to him. I'm speaking in a loud voice isn't yelling. To me it feels like yelling. So I call it yelling and and he's like, I'm not actually
Cynthia We: Set it feels like yelling because you're mad.
Gwenevere Abriel: So that it comes to a conversation of Scott, does it matter to you that it is experienced as yelling and you just sit there for a minute.
Gwenevere Abriel: Mm hmm. Doesn't matter to you.
Gwenevere Abriel: That I experienced that high volume as yelling, does it matter to you.
Cynthia We: I bet he would say yes.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay then. And then you flip it around and he gets to say, Does it, does it matter to you that I
Gwenevere Abriel: I, I, I don't know any other way to be this is, I feel like I'm being normal right now. Does it matter that
Gwenevere Abriel: That to you that I'm doing the best I can, like, I'm, I'm doing regular communication. Like I feel like I'm doing a great job doesn't matter. You know, and then he gets to ask you those things and
Gwenevere Abriel: Does not one right way notice each of your family.
Gwenevere Abriel: Will just so slightly different but if it matters. Then we get to modulate we get to go. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Do you hear me as yelling at you right now. And he gets to check in and you get permission to be able to say
Gwenevere Abriel: I can tell you're trying to communicate you doing doing it the way you know but
Gwenevere Abriel: It's going in, like yelling, it's going in.
Gwenevere Abriel: And I can't hear what you're saying anymore. I'm kind of getting anxious
Gwenevere Abriel: Can we give it some time or maybe let's write a note or can we start whispering and see if just for fun, because then we know we won't be yelling
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's do a whisper.
Cynthia We: Good idea.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's pretend to be funny. Very funny. Well, let's pretend that we just lost our voices.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, the giggles there then anything's possible right
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: But it's Do you care.
Cynthia We: Yes.
Gwenevere Abriel: Is this how your communication style is going in.
Gwenevere Abriel: Does it matter because it's the responsibility.
Gwenevere Abriel: Of the communicator rephrase
To change.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right.
Cynthia We: He would say it's my responsibility.
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Communication is a really complicated thing.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's not one side or the other. I'm well aware that that no matter how good a communication someone deliver something I can have my
Gwenevere Abriel: My filter on so tight that nothing gets through. I know that.
Gwenevere Abriel: This is pre supposing
Gwenevere Abriel: Some plus or minus of health.
Gwenevere Abriel: Is
Gwenevere Abriel: Is I i have a I'm motivated by an emotion to communicate something to you.
Gwenevere Abriel: And I have an idea of the language. I'm going to use. I assume you know these words. And so then I say them to you and I watched your face. And if your face doesn't match.
Gwenevere Abriel: What I was kind of my the emotion. I was trying to get your face to look like. Then I need to get your face to match my intention. So I got to get you there. And that's on me.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, I believe.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, that's assuming a modicum of health.
Right.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: I do think i think he needs individual therapy, I think.
Gwenevere Abriel: Couples where you guys could revisit
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, it's a commitment to using
Gwenevere Abriel: I feel have permission to be able to say to one.
Another
Gwenevere Abriel: I can't hear you right now. So I'm getting activated. Can we do one of the skills can be
Gwenevere Abriel: Script send a quick text instead for just five exchanges, can we write it down. Can we use these my emergency last I don't know whether you guys got that thing laminated. I don't know what you guys have done.
Gwenevere Abriel: Can we do these other things so that we can get through how we're both feeling right now, but it takes a commitment to do it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, both of you are right now you're doing yours.
Cynthia We: I am
Cynthia We: And I feel like I'm
Cynthia We: Like you know he did say that he would get there before. It didn't then suddenly it wasn't a thing. Um, but I do feel like like because it came from him this time rather than be saying, I think you need to go see a therapist.
Cynthia We: Or asking him to do it.
Cynthia We: I think he'll do it.
Cynthia We: I will help him find somebody, but
Cynthia We: Just because I know how
Gwenevere Abriel: Uh huh.
Cynthia We: Um, it's Keegan's therapist offered to do it. And I thought that was too awkward. I thought that was very nice of him but but also a little awkward.
Cynthia We: It's just feels a little
Gwenevere Abriel: Just a dual it's a, it's a, it's a bit of a conflict of interest is what it is.
Gwenevere Abriel: That
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm very rigid around that.
Gwenevere Abriel: But I know, I know some therapists do that.
Gwenevere Abriel: They strike some sort of balance with it, but
Gwenevere Abriel: No matter what chickens going to always wonder in the back of his head.
Cynthia We: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Here and stuff from dad that's
Gwenevere Abriel: Tainted his therapist perspective and unconditional regard in the back of his little head and I would I would worry
Cynthia We: Yeah, and Teagan trusts him so much. And really, really like so, and I wouldn't want
Cynthia We: To do anything to that relationship. So I think Greg is is very good. Like when I go in with Tegan and we'll
Cynthia We: Talk.
Cynthia We: He's very good. I'm not picking a side, it's not showing that he's picking aside. Yeah.
Cynthia We: Saying job.
Cynthia We: Yeah, thank you.
Cynthia We: But, um,
Cynthia We: Yeah, I thought it was nice city offered bit and I think because he offered because I attributed the
Cynthia We: See
Cynthia We: Extra anger to grief over his mother.
Cynthia We: It doesn't really matter where it came from. The fact is it's there and taken as a huge trigger and I'm a huge trigger
Cynthia We: Are you frozen again.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yes, it's coming up for you.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh,
Cynthia We: No, you're the, oh, you're not moving, but I
Cynthia We: Can't hear you see me.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, frozen huh huh
Cynthia We: Oh, just for a minute there.
Cynthia We: So tell me, what does a pleasant look on your face.
Cynthia We: Like oh
Cynthia We: Well, but
Gwenevere Abriel: What, what else is going on for you.
Cynthia We: I'm
Cynthia We: Oliver is asking, Scott to work again.
Cynthia We: Oliver's the guy that didn't pay him all that
Cynthia We: I'm just like, no, just just
Cynthia We: Just so
Gwenevere Abriel: Now things are going to start to open up. Is he here.
Gwenevere Abriel: He might be able to go on set and whatnot.
Cynthia We: He sat in on a log meeting the other day about
Cynthia We: What they could do about keeping people off set. So he's going to have a
Cynthia We: He's almost got a guaranteed job on set because he'll be responsible for sending
Cynthia We: If people are going to zoom in, you know, because usually a set has like 250 people on it.
Cynthia We: So they're going to try and do it differently, where people might be either off site or stay in their trailers so that they won't be around the stars and the main center of action. So Scott will be responsible for sending that signal out
Cynthia We: Which is good because you know video is usually only a job that's I'm big movies and sometimes series, but it's not always included in TV stuff. It would be great if it was because then there would be enough work for everybody.
Cynthia We: For all the video, guys. Yeah. Um, but, but he hasn't heard anything specific. Oh, he did do.
Cynthia We: He did the. Thank you. He cut it together to Netflix for paying their salaries for the first several weeks they put a fun together. I paid everybody
Cynthia We: They paid everybody for like six weeks, I think.
Cynthia We: Nice um it was
Cynthia We: a godsend. So they took Scott collected, everybody. He had everybody from the show and print out a sign and then showed them grabbing the sign from top up top.
Cynthia We: Or to the left and then passing it so that it looked like each screen passed it to the next person who put this all together. Scott and and he cut it together and
Cynthia We: And sent it out and Netflix was like bowled over they he blew them away. And I guess it's all over Facebook Adam saw it on Facebook, the guy that he works for
Cynthia We: Um, and didn't know that Scott cut it together. Oh, and Scott's the funniest in there because his video, he snaps on a pair of blue gloves before he grabs the side
Cynthia We: Is very funny. But he did a really good job. And that's like a like a creative thing. So I think there's even more reward people loving what you do if if it's something like that. Um, so anyway, they did. They say sent it to the whole company. They were completely blown away and
Cynthia We: He's proud of himself so
Gwenevere Abriel: You seem proud of him to
Cynthia We: I'm super proud of them. Because that's a
Cynthia We: Here's a creative guy and I think they had things like having not had kids, there are a whole bunch of S. He was working at a production company editing when we got both got fired from our jobs so
Cynthia We: His goal was always to be an editor, because he's very good at seeing the overall picture and take you the pieces and putting them together.
Cynthia We: But he wasn't able to pursue that because we were drug addicts and he got fired.
Cynthia We: So maybe
Gwenevere Abriel: These are starting to emerge. That's exciting.
Yeah.
Cynthia We: Yeah.
Cynthia We: What about his
Gwenevere Abriel: Side. What about your writing.
Um,
Cynthia We: Yeah.
Cynthia We: I
Cynthia We: I wrote that one essay, um, you know, few weeks ago or a couple months ago, and then how God gave me a great idea to weave it into a
Cynthia We: abraded essay and then sent me an example of a braided essay for one of her mentors, which made me cry because it was so good. And, um, and so above and beyond what I believe I'm capable of putting together like like just
Cynthia We: It was beautiful. Beautifully done and and the story was heartbreaking.
Cynthia We: It was like one of the things she said in it. I still remember why is it. I always look for love through male violence or something like that, like,
Cynthia We: About why she had married. These guys because, oh, because it opens on on her husband, her second husband pointing a gun at her.
Cynthia We: One night, um,
Cynthia We: And that's just kind of deflated me and I feel like
Cynthia We: I've got nothing. I'm okay look
Gwenevere Abriel: You compared, didn't you, you, you.
Cynthia We: Did yeah
Cynthia We: I know better or data is not Lydia.
Gwenevere Abriel: Just write this. This is the phrase comparison kills creativity.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, it kills it instantly Cynthia when you start dipping into it.
Cynthia We: Why, yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: It does it instantly memorize that plug it in. Enjoy other's talents.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right, yeah. That's not what
Cynthia We: Sorry, sorry, didn't mean to drop you.
Cynthia We: Know I'm just picking up my piece of paper. So I can write it down.
Okay.
Cynthia We: I know this.
Cynthia We: I know this and I'm usually pretty good about not comparing myself to other writers, because I'm different.
Cynthia We: I'm just different a different style so greater
Gwenevere Abriel: Got a couple minutes here. Now you know you're a different style writer.
Cynthia We: Doesn't matter. You guys still want to compare because that's what we do.
Gwenevere Abriel: deflated.
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: You're not even Titian let that soak in. You're not in competition.
Gwenevere Abriel: Her light does not diminish yours.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right, your life when you are better a better writer and you see someone that is struggling to get to where you are. Your light does not diminish. There's
Gwenevere Abriel: You just get through.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, you get to shine.
Gwenevere Abriel: And look instead turn at turn on the curiosity and investigate how did she structure that sentence that I just it flowed so smoothly and investigate inquire us curiosity lean in understand how, what was it about that. It was so smooth.
Gwenevere Abriel: What is it, what is it you see how I'm learning versus
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, you're like, I'll never be that good. Look what I go nowhere with that I instead if I go
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh,
Gwenevere Abriel: If I did that.
Gwenevere Abriel: If I could not lean and stand on the shoulders of these theorists, I would have nothing.
Gwenevere Abriel: I would only have this silly stuff I got in high school, right, and everything was right and wrong.
Gwenevere Abriel: Good, bad, you're not being a good girl. And yes, it would be worthless. I feel terrible therapist but I listened to theory and I got lots of training and I continue to learn. And when I see other people have really cool to me. I don't get jealous for long.
Gwenevere Abriel: A year that they have and expand it, make it my own
Cynthia We: Yeah.
Cynthia We: I think that um
Cynthia We: I think that what's different about her essay. What really really grabbed me is that there's the emotional component to it. And mine is more telling and talking at versus that emotional. It's just like advertising like advertising on the works if there's an emotional
Cynthia We: If you make people feel something.
Cynthia We: And the way she told that story like made me feel in my, you know, all in myself like gave me chills.
Cynthia We: Yeah, so
Cynthia We: That's what I can take from that and
Cynthia We: It's really
Cynthia We: Well done, and how God told me how to do it, you know, physically do it, cut it out and place it around so I don't have to think like that.
Gwenevere Abriel: You want to know. You want to know a step, you could take. We've only got a second here.
Cynthia We: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: What we just talked about going with that. Remembering that it will kill it. So it's your choice like that spirit to die immediately when you compare or you do right you got that one. And then if you really want to go next level you reach out to that author and you give her a compliment.
Cynthia We: Oh, yeah.
Cynthia We: So that's a bad rocked my
Gwenevere Abriel: World, man. I felt from my server. I felt it in my core this this phrase you did it just, it brought me to BAM like immediately.
Gwenevere Abriel: Air
Cynthia We: I actually did that recently I wrote to it, author and give him a
Scarcity
Gwenevere Abriel: You
Cynthia We: Give it to her.
Gwenevere Abriel: And now all of a sudden yours as well. It's just this magical thing that happens, but you get small little squirrel. Like there's only a little bit of
Cynthia We: Town.
Gwenevere Abriel: And I can't tell. He has a cousin from mine.
Gwenevere Abriel: No.
Cynthia We: No, they
Cynthia We: Said the heart and
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, give it a go teach someone how to do what she did go ask her how that so
Gwenevere Abriel: I would go give it away. I'm telling you, it will come back.
Cynthia We: Oh yes, that's a great idea. I love that.
Cynthia We: I'm going to take a
Cynthia We: Compliment
Gwenevere Abriel: And on. I got it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Next Thursday at 10
Cynthia We: Yes. And I'll also see you in group on Monday.
Cynthia We: Because it's been one month.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yes.
Cynthia We: Okay, yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: I can
Cynthia We: Be good to you too. Bye bye.